Beautiful photos/film with wonderful music.  Giriodi lets you know where you are with on screen notes.  It helps to keep your heart in Colorado when you can't be there.
My idea of Colorado is &#34;Mountains&#34;.  Colorado Landscapes seemed to focus on the flatlands and foothills.  It gave you no idea where you were  - it could have used a narrator or notes on-screen.
It is not a sticker, it is a Chritsmas story  by itself, full of details, and cover a big  space
LOve the size and the details, and its very colorful. It looks really nice  and  catch your attention  when you pass by
Its very colorful and the image once  you  put all de pieces in order is pretty  cute. The window looks terrific
This book is a great eye opener for small to mid- size business owners. The marketing and SEO tips are very up to date and accurate. This information is vital to running a successful business. I learned more about marketing and how to make your page simulated for the customers you want to reel in. Also the process of "Big Fish Results" helps me understand how I can "reel in the catch" instead of just trying an idea and hoping it will work. With this information I've managed to set up better marketing tools that actually work!!!Great work! What a book!
This book caught my eye, and when I read the sample, I was hooked. The final hook was one other reviewer explaining the unemotional aspect of the book's dramatic swings, because of the method of writing employed. (I have often been accused of being unemotional, or anti-sentimental... which is not true. People show these depths of feeling in many different ways--not all of us are weepers, people...) And The Call delivered. The emotion is there, and it's pretty raw at times, but it's emoted in unexpected ways. The characters cracked me up, felt very real, and the story was believable and at times serious, then light, then laugh-out-loud funny. I really enjoyed the writing style, and although it did take a few pages of adjustment, I was very glad I stuck with it. In the same way that Cormac MacCarthy's writing is at first difficult to take in, this was a little bit tough to &#34;get&#34; until I'd gotten through several pages. I have already recommended this to several people. Made me want to try writing again. : )
Sue (Zoo, as her buddy calls her) tells a sometimes upsetting, always heartening story of how she comes to know an elderly man who survived more than a life's worth of hurts, yet maintained his spirit and spark throughout. The story is written in a somewhat disjointed manner, jumping from era/scene to a completely different era/scene, but that matches the story b/c it mirrors how she came to know more about this friend. The information he shared was piecemeal, out of time, snippets that she had to piece together bit by bit. Worth the read for sure.
I was already of this author's opinion, and everything he said just cemented my position. He presents his history, how he came to be in the position he's in, how his life experiences (especially outside of America) have molded his expectations and understanding of value and wealth, and he makes a great case with real examples of how simplification is the best way. You'll be changed permanently by how many of your problems are &#34;first-world&#34; type, nothing more. Well worth the read--our culture could benefit greatly by more exposure to, and influence by, this book.
action packed, with memorable characters and lighter moments. my 8-year-old loves it, and I can watch it too. the racing is exciting and I personally find Anakin slightly less annoying when he's a small child. so, this is my fave.
